this is the place where you can get
loads of my uncut stuff my behind the
scenes stuff we're gonna be doing
tutorials plus new and fresh Allen so
I've gone out there and I found cooks
with attitude and of course master
classes I'm gonna find some of the very
best people that specialize in brilliant
things also we're gonna do live
broadcasts we're gonna do live shows
from wherever takes my fancy because
it's my channel I can do what I want
when I want
I'm so excited it's gonna be foodie
heaven it's gonna be a beautiful
community if you love food if you like
having a laugh then subscribe that's the
only thing you gotta do subscribe by
pressing here it cost no money and we
will look a few recipes fun wonderful
talent incredible our band and brilliant
brilliant masterclass see you soon oh by
the way look around me everywhere touch
anything here and see what happens
oh you want a bitter melon do you or
let's see what I've got down here little
brother and sister you love it a melon
do you yeah yeah yeah
oh you do yeah you like the minute dude
that's what you like that's what you get
oh oh so you want to let him do you okay
let's give me an M go on you're no match
for my ninja skills uh-huh
banana let's see what we can do with a
banana cut with precision next please
don't turn the heart up again
okay you want to get your again
shimmy hey you like your chili there
love a little bit of orange do ya yeah
that's what we're talking about Buchi Oh
No look what you're done you laid my
kitchen a whole mess I look like I've
just been put on by a seagull